add searchOperator configuration to Fetch (#343)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 5.x/crud-operation-fetch.md

In case you need to change how this operation works, it's best to take a look at the ```FetchOperation.php``` trait to understand how it works. It's a pretty simple operation. Most common ways to overwrite the Fetch operation are documented below:

**Change the fetch database search operator**

> You can customize the search operator for `FetchOperation` as much as you can in ListOperation, by default it's `LIKE`. 
> - The `searchOperator` can be defined individually for each `fetchEntity` using `searchOperator => 'ILIKE'` in the fetch configuration. 
> - Can be defined for all FetchOperations inside that CrudPanel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the search operator for `FetchOperation` just like you can in ListOperation. By default it's `LIKE`, but you can: 
- change the operator individually for each `fetchEntity` using `searchOperator => 'ILIKE'` in the fetch configuration;
- change the operator for all FetchOperations inside that CrudPanel by doing:
```

```php 
public function setupFetchOperationOperation() {
        $this->crud->setOperationSetting('searchOperator', 'ILIKE');
    }
```

> - Globally in your project by creating a config file in `config/backpack/operations/fetch.php` and add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- change the operator globally in your project, by creating a config file in `config/backpack/operations/fetch.php` and add the following:
```
